they want to believe history
christie s sir make them less gheels
take out who have an index that pass these three images
the two cyclists are here
be transparent communist part what there is
clisters must be that
and this one also made time for
put him to decide
next watermark sign acz to this
it's good
this we are destroyed and photoshop
cristi
I think what they do already know west
you are worth hundred
they extract im
the point the missile is the
that if this one
hennessy exists and his entourage to say hopefully the one that has destroyed
this is it theme
and we go here inesimo the rest also here in image more
We praise until we find the three images
sad but good I supreme pontiff
that I already know that here I have a
is that if here
I have a dean with this because with this simply yagüe - the star is available
club they teach to be not
the Sunday session aló presidente
that same
I think we're going to extract it, I'm smaller than it's going to be a matter of living here
for c's to our base paranaense a mix that there
do not think it is
this given that sad that we go with the desktop slowly
La Rioja at the desk kde
crushed his desk
after the poplars or photoshop
thanks we take the
this the size of
within the image criticized that the selective
let's go to details
x initials of 61 because its 92
goat then
here we will accept it this
the size
in culture
the dakar I have been sincere
rye
with a height of 300
they do not know what there is
one can see is the same size
the dread
it will not be an easy thing what there is
this kind of people just the size of the screen is
cristian ramos drenthe of selection
we copy the good frame is what I do not because it looks ugly as it has
framework
we copy the frame
once the controls are selected and
let's go here we were control of
we passed here on the top
let's go back to create a new layer
do not know the resignation of rectangle
we can not assign jalamos either in the part of that bassoon
Now what are we going to do?
is to remove the opponent
75%
being sale
I can put the keel 75%
now insist treat try to match sad and pools of
after your topic for example this dakar bojan see it
the original and piles that if the can i eat yanicelli fast but
but they will not be suspended hopefully
we'll see
if the posidonia is that yes it is the same through I think it is 70
if not
yes remember 70
CD
persistent scu
he said that although aquino m 70
also another place that will not write of
up to this point
if we throw in layers as I already said that we have already put it and down and
we put 70% of
of opacity that he found but because they hide
not always
fair
is
well, now
- Easy years file a home like
here it has been done let's go png
pointed out that we compose any name do not acquire moment
it only matters what is called
I thought I was there
and good we pull here
stresses that they are what we are going to do
and this one without sight
that can also be
they also propose that I have
let's go without tilde
seijas
schumi and good although jeltzales tepeaca for fear terror
china peking thematic fields
instead the subject so that
do not make me mistake that you are using the system
leave why
will run sacyl hansen guard
of a successor
to see that as a candidate
finished writing
quillás petrarca destroyed
panetta how to save I think it's possible
villahermosa customize we mention thomas jorge lemus do not let us
this waste of the other subject yes I do not like to save
this is not an issue that I have and published proposes to modify
good as you can see and that this class
insist
it is no longer that they do not have the images of their homeland is that if the stages of the
street is transparent
and good thing is that
she receives me with very nice time for my husband the rest
I think not
in October
- some painted eggs knife
the current recession all
and to this lower class
that with the request they made
this
that yes not everything and I hope you find them the pitching like